c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-MVC.Tests.dll.config
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-MVC.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-MVC.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Capstone-DAL.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-BLL.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-MVC.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Capstone-DAL.pdb
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-BLL.pdb
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Song-MVC.pdb
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Capstone-MVC.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Song-MVC.Tests.dll
c:\Users\Mongoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone\Song-MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Song-MVC.Tests.pdb
